Remove hardcode AMI name (#30)
ansible/aap-docs: stories/topics/ref-aap-aws-add-extension-nodes.adoc

Click btn:[Copy].
. For the Auto Scaling group name, enter `extension-group`.
. Under *Launch Template*, click btn:[Create a launch template version] to create a new version of the launch template.
. Identify the AMI name for the extension nodes for the current version.
.. Navigate to the AWS CloudFormation UI and click the *Resources* tab. Ensure *Tree View* is selected.
.. Click menu:controller[autoscale-group>ASG].
.. Click the ASG Physical ID to open the autoscale group in a new tab.
.. Click on the *Instance Management* tab for the {ControllerName} autoscale-group.
.. Click on one of the Instance IDs, under the *Instances* section of this tab to open that instance page in a new tab.

> .. Under the *Instance details* section, copy the *AMI name*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Under the *Instance details* section, copy the *AMI name*:
```

> ... The AMI name copied should resemble - 'AAP-<VERSION>_HVM-<DATETIME>-x86_64-1-Marketplace-GP2-<SUFFIX>'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
The format of the copied AMI name is `AAP-<VERSION>_HVM-<DATETIME>-x86_64-1-Marketplace-GP2-<SUFFIX>`.
```

> .. Using the above AMI name, we can identify the AMI name for the extension node by removing the suffix and adding in the '-EXT' next to the version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. To identify the AMI name for the extension node, remove the suffix from the copied AMI name and add in '-EXT' after the version:
```

> ... The proper extension node AMI name would resemble - 'AAP-<VERSION>-EXT_HVM-<DATETIME>-x86_64-1-Marketplace-GP2'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
The format for the proper extension node AMI name is `AAP-<VERSION>-EXT_HVM-<DATETIME>-x86_64-1-Marketplace-GP2`.
```

> . Under *Application and OS Images*, search for the AMI name for the extension node, and click btn:[Select] next to the AMI which has this name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Under *Application and OS Images*, search for the AMI name for the extension node. Click btn:[Select] next to the AMI which has this name.
```
